ID	Feature	sort
GB020	Are there definite or specific articles?	article
GB021	Do indefinite nominals commonly have indefinite articles?	article
GB022	Are there prenominal articles?	article
GB023	Are there postnominal articles?	article
GB026	Can adnominal property words occur discontinuously?	adjective
GB027	Are nominal conjunction and comitative expressed by different elements?	comitative
GB028	Is there an inclusive/exclusive distinction?	pronoun
GB030	Is there a gender distinction in independent 3rd person pronouns?	pronoun
GB031	Is there a dual or unit augmented form (in addition to plural or augmented) for all person categories in the pronoun system?	pronoun
GB035	Are there three or more distance contrasts in demonstratives?	demonstrative
GB036	Do demonstratives show an elevation distinction?	demonstrative
GB037	Do demonstratives show a visible-nonvisible distinction?	demonstrative
GB038	Are there demonstrative classifiers?	classifier
GB039	Is there nonphonological allomorphy of noun number markers?	noun, number
GB041	Are there several nouns (more than three) which are suppletive for number?	suppletion, noun, number
GB042	Is there productive overt morphological singular marking on nouns?	noun, number
GB043	Is there productive morphological dual marking on nouns?	noun, number
GB044	Is there productive morphological plural marking on nouns?	noun, number
GB046	Is there an associative plural marker for nouns?	noun
GB047	Is there a productive morphological pattern for deriving an action/state noun from a verb?	noun, derivation
GB048	Is there a productive morphological pattern for deriving an agent noun from a verb?	noun, derivation
GB049	Is there a productive morphological pattern for deriving an object noun from a verb?	noun, derivation
GB051	Is there a noun class/gender system where sex is a factor in class assignment?	noun classes
GB052	Is there a noun class/gender system where shape is a factor in class assignment?	noun classes
GB053	Is there a noun class/gender system where animacy is a factor in class assignment?	noun classes
GB054	Is there a noun class/gender system where plant status is a factor in class assignment?	noun classes
GB057	Are there numeral classifiers?	classifier
GB058	Are there possessive classifiers?	classifier
GB059	Is the adnominal possessive construction different for alienable and inalienable nouns?	attributive possession
GB068	Do core adjectives (defined semantically as property concepts such as value, shape, age, dimension) act like verbs in predicative position?	adjective
GB069	Do core adjectives (defined semantically as property concepts; value, shape, age, dimension) used attributively require the same morphological treatment as verbs?	adjective
GB070	Are there morphological cases for non-pronominal core arguments (i.e. S/A/P)?	noun, case
GB071	Are there morphological cases for pronominal core arguments (i.e. S/A/P)?	pronoun, case
GB072	Are there morphological cases for oblique non-pronominal NPs (i.e. not S/A/P)?	noun, case
GB073	Are there morphological cases for oblique independent personal pronouns (i.e. not S/A/P)?	pronoun, case
GB074	Are there prepositions?	adposition
GB075	Are there postpositions?	adposition
GB079	Do verbs have prefixes/proclitics, other than those that ONLY mark A, S or O (do include portmanteau: A & S + TAM)?	verb
GB080	Do verbs have suffixes/enclitics, other than those that ONLY mark A, S or O (do include portmanteau: A & S + TAM)?	verb
GB081	Is there productive infixation in verbs?	verb
GB082	Is there overt morphological marking of present tense on verbs?	verb, TAM, tense
GB083	Is there overt morphological marking on the verb dedicated to past tense?	verb, TAM, tense
GB084	Is there overt morphological marking on the verb dedicated to future tense?	verb, TAM, tense
GB086	Is a morphological distinction between perfective and imperfective aspect available on verbs?	verb, TAM, aspect
GB089	Can the S argument be indexed by a suffix/enclitic on the verb in the simple main clause?	verb, indexing
GB090	Can the S argument be indexed by a prefix/proclitic on the verb in the simple main clause?	verb, indexing
GB091	Can the A argument be indexed by a suffix/enclitic on the verb in the simple main clause?	verb, indexing
GB092	Can the A argument be indexed by a prefix/proclitic on the verb in the simple main clause?	verb, indexing
GB093	Can the P argument be indexed by a suffix/enclitic on the verb in the simple main clause?	verb, indexing
GB094	Can the P argument be indexed by a prefix/proclitic on the verb in the simple main clause?	verb, indexing
GB095	Are variations in marking strategies of core participants based on TAM distinctions?	indexing, flagging
GB096	Are variations in marking strategies of core participants based on verb classes?	indexing, flagging
GB098	Are variations in marking strategies of core participants based on person distinctions?	indexing, flagging
GB099	Can verb stems alter according to the person of a core participant?	verb, suppletion, indexing
GB103	Is there a benefactive applicative marker on the verb (including indexing)?	verb, valency
GB104	Is there an instrumental applicative marker on the verb (including indexing)?	verb, valency
GB105	Can the recipient in a ditransitive construction be marked like the monotransitive patient?	noun, case, adposition
GB107	Can standard negation be marked by an affix, clitic or modification of the verb?	verb, negation
GB108	Is there directional or locative morphological marking on verbs?	verb
GB109	Is there verb suppletion for participant number?	verb, suppletion, indexing
GB110	Is there verb suppletion for tense or aspect?	verb, suppletion, TAM
GB111	Are there conjugation classes?	verb
GB113	Are there verbal affixes or clitics that turn intransitive verbs into transitive ones?	verb, valency
GB114	Is there a phonologically bound reflexive marker on the verb?	verb
GB115	Is there a phonologically bound reciprocal marker on the verb?	verb
GB116	Do verbs classify the shape, size or consistency of absolutive arguments by means of incorporated nouns, verbal affixes or suppletive verb stems?	verb
GB117	Is there a copula for predicate nominals?	predication
GB118	Are there serial verb constructions?	verb
GB119	Can mood be marked by an inflecting word ("auxiliary verb")?	verb, TAM, mood
GB120	Can aspect be marked by an inflecting word ("auxiliary verb")?	verb, TAM, aspect
GB121	Can tense be marked by an inflecting word ("auxiliary verb")?	verb, TAM, tense
GB122	Is verb compounding a regular process?	verb
GB123	Are there verb-adjunct (aka light-verb) constructions?	verb
GB124	Is incorporation of nouns into verbs a productive intransitivizing process?	verb, valency
GB126	Is there an existential verb?	predication
GB127	Are different posture verbs used obligatorily depending on an inanimate locatum's shape or position (e.g. 'to lie' vs. 'to stand')?	predication
GB129	Is there a notably small number, i.e. about 100 or less, of verb roots in the language?	verb
GB131	Is a pragmatically unmarked constituent order verb-initial for transitive clauses?	word order
GB132	Is a pragmatically unmarked constituent order verb-medial for transitive clauses?	word order
GB133	Is a pragmatically unmarked constituent order verb-final for transitive clauses?	word order
GB134	Is the order of constituents the same in main and subordinate clauses?	word order
GB135	Do clausal objects usually occur in the same position as nominal objects?	clausal objects, word order
GB136	Is the order of core argument (i.e. S/A/P) constituents fixed?	word order
GB137	Can standard negation be marked clause-finally?	verb, negation
GB138	Can standard negation be marked clause-initially?	verb, negation
GB139	Is there a difference between imperative (prohibitive) and declarative negation constructions?	verb, negation
GB140	Is verbal predication marked by the same negator as all of the following types of predication: locational, existential and nominal?	verb, negation
GB146	Is there a morpho-syntactic distinction between predicates expressing controlled versus uncontrolled events or states?	indexing, flagging
GB147	Is there a morphological passive marked on the lexical verb?	verb, valency
GB148	Is there a morphological antipassive marked on the lexical verb?	verb, valency
GB149	Is there a morphologically marked inverse on verbs?	verb
GB150	Is there clause chaining?	verb
GB151	Is there an overt verb marker dedicated to signalling coreference or noncoreference between the subject of one clause and an argument of an adjacent clause ("switch reference")?	verb
GB152	Is there a morphologically marked distinction between simultaneous and sequential clauses?	verb
GB155	Are causatives formed by affixes or clitics on verbs?	verb, valency
GB156	Is there a causative construction involving an element that is unmistakably grammaticalized from a verb for 'to say'?	verb, valency
GB158	Are verbs reduplicated?	reduplication, verb
GB159	Are nouns reduplicated?	reduplication, noun
GB160	Are elements apart from verbs or nouns reduplicated?	reduplication
GB165	Is there productive morphological trial marking on nouns?	noun, number
GB166	Is there productive morphological paucal marking on nouns?	noun, number
GB167	Is there a logophoric pronoun?	pronoun
GB170	Can an adnominal property word agree with the noun in gender/noun class?	noun classes
GB171	Can an adnominal demonstrative agree with the noun in gender/noun class?	noun classes
GB172	Can an article agree with the noun in gender/noun class?	noun classes
GB177	Can the verb carry a marker of animacy of argument, unrelated to any gender/noun class of the argument visible in the NP domain?	verb
GB184	Can an adnominal property word agree with the noun in number?	adjective
GB185	Can an adnominal demonstrative agree with the noun in number?	demonstrative
GB186	Can an article agree with the noun in number?	article
GB187	Is there any productive diminutive marking on the noun (exclude marking by system of nominal classification only)?	noun, derivation
GB188	Is there any productive augmentative marking on the noun (exclude marking by system of nominal classification only)?	noun, derivation
GB192	Is there a gender system where a noun's phonological properties are a factor in class assignment?	noun classes
GB196	Is there a male/female distinction in 2nd person independent pronouns?	pronoun
GB197	Is there a male/female distinction in 1st person independent pronouns?	pronoun
GB198	Can an adnominal numeral agree with the noun in gender/noun class?	noun classes
GB204	Do collective ('all') and distributive ('every') universal quantifiers differ in their forms or their syntactic positions?	UQ
GB250	Can predicative possession be expressed with a transitive 'habeo' verb?	predicative possession
GB252	Can predicative possession be expressed with an S-like possessum and a locative-coded possessor?	predicative possession
GB253	Can predicative possession be expressed with an S-like possessum and a dative-coded possessor?	predicative possession
GB254	Can predicative possession be expressed with an S-like possessum and a possessor that is coded like an adnominal possessor?	predicative possession
GB256	Can predicative possession be expressed with an S-like possessor and a possessum that is coded like a comitative argument?	predicative possession
GB257	Can polar interrogation be marked by intonation only?	interrogation
GB260	Can polar interrogation be indicated by a special word order?	interrogation
GB262	Is there a clause-initial polar interrogative particle?	interrogation
GB263	Is there a clause-final polar interrogative particle?	interrogation
GB264	Is there a polar interrogative particle that most commonly occurs neither clause-initially nor clause-finally?	interrogation
GB265	Is there a comparative construction that includes a form that elsewhere means 'surpass, exceed'?	comparative construction
GB266	Is there a comparative construction that employs a marker of the standard which elsewhere has a locational meaning?	comparative construction
GB270	Can comparatives be expressed using two conjoined clauses?	comparative construction
GB273	Is there a comparative construction with a standard marker that elsewhere has neither a locational meaning nor a 'surpass/exceed' meaning?	comparative construction
GB275	Is there a bound comparative degree marker on the property word in a comparative construction?	comparative construction
GB276	Is there a non-bound comparative degree marker modifying the property word in a comparative construction?	comparative construction
GB285	Can polar interrogation be marked by a question particle and verbal morphology?	interrogation
GB286	Can polar interrogation be indicated by overt verbal morphology only?	interrogation
GB291	Can polar interrogation be marked by tone?	interrogation
GB296	Is there a phonologically or morphosyntactically definable class of ideophones that includes ideophones depicting imagery beyond sound?	ideophones
GB297	Can polar interrogation be indicated by a V-not-V construction?	interrogation
GB298	Can standard negation be marked by an inflecting word ("auxiliary verb")?	verb, negation
GB299	Can standard negation be marked by a non-inflecting word ("auxiliary particle")?	verb, negation
GB300	Does the verb for 'give' have suppletive verb forms?	suppletion, verb, TAM, indexing
GB301	Is there an inclusory construction?	comitative
GB302	Is there a phonologically free passive marker ('particle' or 'auxiliary')?	verb, valency
GB303	Is there a phonologically free antipassive marker ('particle' or 'auxiliary')?	verb, valency
GB304	Can the agent be expressed overtly in a passive clause?	verb, valency
GB305	Is there a phonologically independent reflexive pronoun?	pronoun
GB306	Is there a phonologically independent non-bipartite reciprocal pronoun?	pronoun
GB309	Are there multiple past or multiple future tenses, distinguishing distance from Time of Reference?	verb, TAM, tense
GB312	Is there overt morphological marking on the verb dedicated to mood?	verb, TAM, mood
GB313	Are there special adnominal possessive pronouns that are not formed by an otherwise regular process?	pronoun
GB314	Can augmentative meaning be expressed productively by a shift of gender/noun class?	noun classes
GB315	Can diminutive meaning be expressed productively by a shift of gender/noun class?	noun classes
GB316	Is singular number regularly marked in the noun phrase by a dedicated phonologically free element?	noun, number
GB317	Is dual number regularly marked in the noun phrase by a dedicated phonologically free element?	noun, number
GB318	Is plural number regularly marked in the noun phrase by a dedicated phonologically free element?	noun, number
GB319	Is trial number regularly marked in the noun phrase by a dedicated phonologically free element?	noun, number
GB320	Is paucal number regularly marked in the noun phrase by a dedicated phonologically free element?	noun, number
GB321	Is there a large class of nouns whose gender/noun class is not phonologically or semantically predictable?	noun classes
GB322	Is there grammatical marking of direct evidence (perceived with the senses)?	verb, TAM, evidentiality
GB323	Is there grammatical marking of indirect evidence (hearsay, inference, etc.)?	verb, TAM, evidentiality
GB324	Is there an interrogative verb for content interrogatives (who?, what?, etc.)?	interrogation
GB325	Is there a count/mass distinction in interrogative quantifiers?	interrogation
GB326	Do (nominal) content interrogatives normally or frequently occur in situ?	interrogation, word order
GB327	Can the relative clause follow the noun?	clause, relative clause
GB328	Can the relative clause precede the noun?	clause, relative clause
GB329	Are there internally-headed relative clauses?	clause, relative clause
GB330	Are there correlative relative clauses?	clause, relative clause
GB331	Are there adjoined relative clauses?	clause, relative clause
GB333	Is there a decimal numeral system?	numeral
GB334	Is there synchronic evidence for any element of a quinary numeral system?	numeral
GB335	Is there synchronic evidence for any element of a vigesimal numeral system?	numeral
GB336	Is there a body-part tallying system?	numeral
GB400	Are all person categories neutralized in some voice, tense, aspect, mood and/or negation?	indexing
GB401	Is there a class of patient-labile verbs?	indexing
GB402	Does the verb for 'see' have suppletive verb forms?	suppletion, verb, TAM
GB403	Does the verb for 'come' have suppletive verb forms?	suppletion, verb, TAM
GB408	Is there any accusative alignment of flagging?	noun, case, adposition, pronoun
GB409	Is there any ergative alignment of flagging?	noun, case, adposition, pronoun
GB410	Is there any neutral alignment of flagging?	noun, case, adposition, pronoun
GB415	Is there a politeness distinction in 2nd person forms?	pronoun
GB421	Is there a preposed complementizer in complements of verbs of thinking and/or knowing?	clausal objects
GB422	Is there a postposed complementizer in complements of verbs of thinking and/or knowing?	clausal objects
GB430	Can adnominal possession be marked by a prefix on the possessor?	attributive possession
GB431	Can adnominal possession be marked by a prefix on the possessed noun?	attributive possession
GB432	Can adnominal possession be marked by a suffix on the possessor?	attributive possession
GB433	Can adnominal possession be marked by a suffix on the possessed noun?	attributive possession
GB519	Can mood be marked by a non-inflecting word ("auxiliary particle")?	verb, TAM, mood
GB520	Can aspect be marked by a non-inflecting word ("auxiliary particle")?	verb, TAM, aspect
GB521	Can tense be marked by a non-inflecting word ("auxiliary particle")?	verb, TAM, tense
GB522	Can the S or A argument be omitted from a pragmatically unmarked clause when the referent is inferrable from context ("pro-drop" or "null anaphora")?	indexing
TE002	Are complex tonal distinctions lacking?	phonology
TE003	Is there palatal vowel harmony?	phonology, vowel harmony
TE004	Is there tongue root vowel harmony?	phonology, vowel harmony
TE005	Is there an initial velar nasal?	phonology
TE006	Is there an initial r-?	phonology
TE007	Are there initial consonant clusters in native words?	phonology
TE008	Is there a voicing distinction in stops?	phonology
TE014	Is there partial emphatic reduplication of nominal property words?	adjective
TE016	Is inflectional morphology predominantly suffixing?	bound morphology
TE018	Is there a mi-ti opposition in 1 vs. 2 SG personal pronouns?	pronoun
TE019	Is the secondary oblique stem of personal pronouns formed with a dental nasal?	pronoun
TE027	Can 1PL marker be augmented by a collective plural marker?	pronoun
TE031	Is there a non-initial velar nasal?	phonology
TE037	Is there a voicing distinction in fricatives?	phonology
TE038	Are there two separate liquid phonemes (r/l)?	phonology
TE039	Is there vowel length distinction?	phonology
TE046	Is there a plural/collective suffix that is restricted to animates?	noun, number
TE050	Do cardinal numerals require agreement on noun phrases?	numeral, noun
TE051	Is nominative case unmarked?	noun, case
TE052	Are accusative-marked objects specific while unmarked objects are non-specific?	noun, case
TE054	Is there a distinction between marking of interrogation in polar and content questions?	interrogation
TE055	Is acting agent in passive clause expressed by a dative-marked noun phrase?	verb, valency
TE059	Are causative and passive expressed by a formally identical marker?	verb, valency
TE062	Can relational adpositions (e.g. ‘under’) be derived from a place noun (e.g. ‘bottom’) and a locational suffix (e.g. at LOC)?	adposition, flagging
TE066	Is imperative form for 2SG identical to bare verb root?	verb, TAM, mood
TE078	Are there three laryngeal contrasts for stops?	phonology
TS001	Can numeral precede the noun?	numeral
TS002	Can numeral follow the noun?	numeral
TS003	Can demonstrative precede the noun?	demonstrative
TS004	Can demonstrative follow the noun?	demonstrative
TS005	Can adnominal possessor precede the possessed noun?	attributive possession
TS006	Can adnominal possessor follow the possessed noun?	attributive possession
TS007	Can adnominal property word precede the noun?	adjective
TS008	Can adnominal property word follow the noun?	adjective
TS009	Can adnominal collective universal quantifier (‘all’) precede the noun?	UQ
TS010	Can adnominal collective universal quantifier (‘all’) follow the noun?	UQ
TS079	Is there height vowel harmony?	phonology, vowel harmony
TS080	Is there labial vowel harmony?	phonology, vowel harmony